README.md, before:

# EE2026 Integration Task

## Configuration

cd into the MODS folder and clone this repo.
```
cd MODS
git clone https://github.com/ryryry-3302/ee2026.git
```
Delete the original `MODS.SRCS` file and rename the `ee2026` file to `MODS.SRCS`, cd into this to access the repo.
```
cd MODS.SRCS /// inside ull find the sources/ constraints and subtasks
```
The files in this repository should have folders for `MODS.SRCS`, importantly, 
1. `constrs_1` which contains the constaints file
2. `sources_1` which contains all the relevant design source files.
3. `Subtasks` which is meant for personal backup and documentation

## Troubleshooting
There might be some issues where vivado is unable to detect a certain file as a design source. The simplest solution in vivado is to go to `File > Add Sources > Add Files` and select all files in the folder

## REMINDERS
Remember to pull from main before pushing to prevent any merge conflicts.



## .gitignore
- Note that for a free account, the maximum repo size is **50MB**. Hence, the .gitignore folder specifically ignores files that take up high storage. `sources_1\ip` was found to take up 61.6MB by default. Not sure what its for. 
- The simulation folder is in gitignore for now, but could be removed in the future if we need to share simulation files.

Commit message:

add documentation of the switches and their funcs

README.md, after:

# EE2026 Integration Task

## Task Mapping and Requirements

### Fixed
- Map LD0 to Task A, LD1 to Task B, LD2 to Task C and LD3 to Task D
- SW13: Clear AN0 and AN1
- SW14: AN0 is the digit detected by `paint.v`
- SW15: AN1 is the digit detected by `paint.v`
- BtnC: For activating the congratulations message

## Group's Customisation
- SW0 - For Tasks
- Map SW1 to Task A, SW2 to Task B, SW3 to Task C, SW4 to Task D, SW5 to the Group Display task

If none of these switches are on the OLED shows a black screen.

The priority is as follows: Task A > Task B > Task C > Task D > Group Display Task



## Configuration

cd into the MODS folder and clone this repo.
```
cd MODS
git clone https://github.com/ryryry-3302/ee2026.git
```
Delete the original `MODS.SRCS` file and rename the `ee2026` file to `MODS.SRCS`, cd into this to access the repo.
```
cd MODS.SRCS /// inside ull find the sources/ constraints and subtasks
```
The files in this repository should have folders for `MODS.SRCS`, importantly, 
1. `constrs_1` which contains the constaints file
2. `sources_1` which contains all the relevant design source files.
3. `Subtasks` which is meant for personal backup and documentation

## Troubleshooting
There might be some issues where vivado is unable to detect a certain file as a design source. The simplest solution in vivado is to go to `File > Add Sources > Add Files` and select all files in the folder

## REMINDERS
Remember to pull from main before pushing to prevent any merge conflicts.



## .gitignore
- Note that for a free account, the maximum repo size is **50MB**. Hence, the .gitignore folder specifically ignores files that take up high storage. `sources_1\ip` was found to take up 61.6MB by default. Not sure what its for. 
- The simulation folder is in gitignore for now, but could be removed in the future if we need to share simulation files.
